Flamingos are not naturally pink, they get their color from their diet of algae and crustaceans.
A cloud weighs around a million tonnes. A cloud typically has a volume of around 1km^3 and a density of around 1.003kg per m^3, that's a density that's around 0.4% lower than the air surrounding it (this is how they are able to float).
Your life is as valuable as a summer ant. I'm just gonna stump you, you're gonna keep coming back. I'm gonna seal up all my cracks you are gonna keep coming back. Why? Because you keep smelling the syrup, you worthless (n-word) you are gonna stay on my dick until you die. You serve no purpose in life. Your purpose in life is to be in my stream sucking on my dick daily. Your purpose in life is to be in that chat blowing a dick daily. Your life is NOTHING. You serve ZERO PURPOSE. YOU SHOULD KILL YOURSELF NOW! And give someone a piece of that oxygen so that we can all breathe in this blue trap bubble. So what are you here for? TO WORSHIP ME? KILL YOURSELF.
In 1807, during a rabbit hunt organized to celebrate the Treaty of Tilsit, Napoleon Bonaparte was famously attacked by a large group of rabbits. Over 3,000 rabbits, likely tame and hungry, were released for the hunt and instead of fleeing, they swarmed Napoleon and his men, nipping at their clothes and feet. The incident, which was initially kept secret to protect Napoleon's image, is now a well-known anecdote highlighting the absurdity of the situation.
In terms of human companionship, Flareon is objectively the most huggable Pokemon? While their maximum temperature is likely too much for most, they are capable of controlling it, so they can set themselves to the perfect temperature for you. Along with that, they have a lot of fluff, making them undeniably incredibly soft to touch. But that's not all, they have a very respectable special defense stat of 110, which means that they are likely very calm and resistant to emotional damage. Because of this, if you have a bad day, you can vent to it while hugging it, and it won't mind. It can make itself even more endearing with moves like Charm and Baby Doll Eyes, ensuring that you never have a prolonged bout of depression ever again.
During WW1 (September 28th, 1918), British soldier Henry Tandey encountered a wounded German soldier while fighting in the battlefield. He took aim at the soldier but ended up choosing not to, the German soldier he spared was the popular politician Adolf Hitler.
The Venus flytrap's name, "Venus", refers to the Roman goddess of love, beauty, and desire, while the "flytrap" part is a straightforward reference to its insect-catching ability. The name was inspired by the plant's striking appearance and the way its traps close on insects, which some early botanists found reminiscent of certain aspects of female anatomy and behavior.
Ava Louise, the woman who flashed at the portal connecting Dublin and NYC, was the same woman who appeared in a Dr Phil show for licking toilet seats during the COVID era. She is also the root cause of the portal's shutdown shortly after the incident happened.
Lee Matthew is gay.